Hello youtube and welcome to one
new technique sloth unboxing video
after a long time, it is finally over
as far as the new iphone 5 it is there and
that's it five that's the apple
cases kindly from the
apple store oberhausen has brought
yes, exactly as dark as the iphone
5 it now here in the black
Variation I do not have to give you a big something
to tell
you know i am storage space
miserable so 16 gb variant rich
me completely out we have here
black variant in front of us and the apple
cases has me his cheese knife of death
borrowed and just look now
times pure black variant because
there was nothing else had
apparently only a few golden and one
few silver and that was it and so
does that happen to me here then?
change to a black iphone
will grab
and now comes the big moment in tata
tata tata and there we are with
shadow in black the black
iphone i have next door of course
still my my white just like that
specify there is now from the outside
Of course, nothing big to discover that
thing has the same dimensions i believe it
is even the same weight
or it's that five easier
I have to say
in that it's black respectively
spacey gray dre is it works already
slim black makes you slim that can
I do not deny here and we look
what else is there and how could it?
be different for 700 euros, there is one
power plug and a white usb cable
So apple does not let it rage
and because they are so great, they are laying
still headphones worth 400 euros
that's just crazy but for that too
this high quality plastic packaging that
you could almost call it an ipad for one
iphone 5 c keep in white but good and
it was not
Now do not get me finish can
The cover of my heart stopped
because I also miss for mine
beloved stickers an iphone or a
apple without sticker is not an apple
video here again under simkar treffner
and then we'll check what we do
have a fine print yes and
this channel scandal scandal scandal
who finds the mistake gets five rubber
points from me right white iphone
shown on the agent black device
so sorry sorry I have there
but we expect more of you now
have again our two funny
stickers you can then the again
oma stick on moped and it was the
box is lea flies around
Of course the new airports are as well
I already mentioned that
nothing more with the standard things the
are the same as ever here
then no update to iphone before and
that's what it was supposed to be me
finally got my iphone 5 with it
fingerprint sensor 64 bit chip new
double flash in different colors
and I say thank you again
bring the apple cases for you and you
say I'll take care and see you next
Video